README.md, before:

# NgRx Counter Application

This project is a simple Angular application that implements a counter using NgRx for state management. The counter application allows users to increment, decrement, or adjust the counter value by a specified amount using an input field.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Features

- **Increment**: Users can increase the counter value by clicking the "Increment" button.
- **Decrement**: Users can decrease the counter value by clicking the "Decrement" button.
- **Adjust by Amount**: Users can input a specific value and increase or decrease the counter by that amount using the respective buttons.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ngrx-counter-app.git
   cd ngrx-counter-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server**:
   ```bash
   ng serve
   ```
   The application will be available at `http://localhost:4200/`.

## Usage

Once the application is running:

1. Click "Increment" to increase the counter by 1.
2. Click "Decrement" to decrease the counter by 1.
3. Enter a value in the input field and click "Increase by Amount" or "Decrease by Amount" to adjust the counter by the specified value.

## Technologies Used

- **Angular**: A framework for building dynamic web applications.
- **NgRx**: A state management library for Angular, inspired by Redux.
- **TypeScript**: A statically typed superset of JavaScript.
- **RxJS**: A library for reactive programming using observables.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add a new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a Pull Request.

Commit message:

add hosted link in readme

README.md, after:

# NgRx Counter Application

This project is a simple Angular application that implements a counter using NgRx for state management. The counter application allows users to increment, decrement, or adjust the counter value by a specified amount using an input field.

### You can follow this link to preview the final look and feel of the final product https://angular-simple-counter-application.netlify.app/

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Features

- **Increment**: Users can increase the counter value by clicking the "Increment" button.
- **Decrement**: Users can decrease the counter value by clicking the "Decrement" button.
- **Adjust by Amount**: Users can input a specific value and increase or decrease the counter by that amount using the respective buttons.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ngrx-counter-app.git
   cd ngrx-counter-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server**:
   ```bash
   ng serve
   ```
   The application will be available at `http://localhost:4200/`.

## Usage

Once the application is running:

1. Click "Increment" to increase the counter by 1.
2. Click "Decrement" to decrease the counter by 1.
3. Enter a value in the input field and click "Increase by Amount" or "Decrease by Amount" to adjust the counter by the specified value.

## Technologies Used

- **Angular**: A framework for building dynamic web applications.
- **NgRx**: A state management library for Angular, inspired by Redux.
- **TypeScript**: A statically typed superset of JavaScript.
- **RxJS**: A library for reactive programming using observables.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add a new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a Pull Request.
